Well, my name is M C. Clint Anderson. Ian stands for electrician's mate.
I've been the Navy for about 20 years in the Navy Reserve right now.
Um, for the first six years of my naval career, I've been on lots
of different tours. Aircraft care, USS John C. Stennis, start off
with a nuclear power school. So, um, the first tour that I had was working
in the nuclear engine room in the propulsion plants, fixing electrical
lights, um, working with other people, trying toe repair pumps,
repair valves, um, moving the throttles on this ship toe provide
propulsion. I had a lot experience with that. Um, there's a lot of
clean that went on, but for the most part, it was satisfactory tour
that I spent in South Carolina in New York. Um, um, the most recent
place was Washington. And after that, that initial six year tour actually
extended for two more years to have a total of eight years,
two years of school, six years on the ship, and then I actually got
out. I didn't want to get out of the Navy. Um, completely actually started
joining the Naval Reserve. And I've been in the Navy Reserve.
Um, for the last 10 years, for that whole 10 years, I've actually been
in school, working on and off. But for the most part, I, um I got
to see a lot more of the world through the Navy reserves than I did
ever on the ship. They take me toe all the all the different states.
Washington, Hawaii, New York again. Norfolk, Virginia, San Diego.
Um, yeah. Every single year, actually. Do something with the Navy for
about this summer. We go and we we go to a shipyard and we repair
some things or they give us some kind of training. Um, outside of the
navy, I've been in school, I've been in, um, I've been going to USC,
and I got my masters there for computer science. Before that, I
was an undergrad at UC Berkeley, and currently I'm at the Naval Postgraduate
School in Monterey, California. So for the last 20 years, I've
had a a wide range of experiences from, you know, touring overseas.
Um, the first time I joined the Navy was right after, um, 9 11 happened,
So I was really involved with wars, and I got to see a lot
of things that most people would never see. So I'd say that the Navy
has been been pretty good, and I'm looking forward to my next tour.